Or test around optimistic and currency control is working as expected, as I mentioned.
I would like to write out just one other very small test right now where you don't actually have anything
to prove that whenever we save or update a record, the version number actually gets incremented.
So I want to write out just a very quick second test to say that whenever we save a record, if we re
fetch it, that we see that version number get incremented by one.
So I'm going to go down to the bottom of the file.
I'm going to write out another statement and we'll say it increments the version number on multiple
saves.
So then inside of here, we're going to once again create a new ticket.
We're going to save it.
We're going to expect that the save ticket has a version number of zero.
We'll then go into save the thing a second time and a third time.
And we're going to expect that every single time we save this ticket, the version number automatically
gets incremented.
So I'm going to do a ticket.
Is ticket built?
I'll put in a title of concert price whatever.
20.
User ID one, two, three.
Doesn't really matter.
So then do you end a wait?
Tickets save.
Right after we save this thing for the very first time, we should, by default, have a version number
equal to zero.
So I'm going to write out an expectation for that.
So expect ticketed version to equal zero.
And now if I try to save the same record another time, we don't even have to really make an update
here.
We don't have to make an update.
It's just any time we save the record, we expect that that version number gets incremented by one.
So if I do another, a weight ticket dot save.
I should now be able to expect that the ticket version has been incremented to one.
And I should be able to do that yet again.
And expect that the ticket version will have gone up to two like so.
Okay.
So let's save this.
Take a look at our tests.
Looks like that is passing as well.
Once again just to make sure that it's working as expected.
I'm going to change the version number on the very last one on the two equal to one.
I'll save that.
And yeah, it looks like it's working as expected.
So I'm going to undo that change.
Save it one more time and just make sure these tests are passing.
Awesome.
Okay.
So that is the basics of optimistic concurrency control.
Now, the one thing I do want to mention here, we have a test that's essentially making sure that if
we start to make changes to a record or the same instance of a record in memory, and then we try to
save these things all at the same time, we're going to make sure that we only process one of those
updates.
So this is not necessarily a test identical to what we want to use this stuff for, which is to make
sure that we are processing events in the correct order.
It's very similar, but it's not quite exactly what we're intending to using to use the optimistic concurrency
control stuff for.
So at this point in time, the only reason I mentioned that if you were looking at this test and saying
to yourself, Hey, Stephen, how does this simulate us processing events out of order or something
like that?
I'm aware it's not exactly the same, but all the ideas, this idea of making sure that we find the
previous version in the database and process it or save it accordingly, it's all the same.
So now that we've got this test put together, we're now going to go over to our common module.
We're going to make sure inside of a lot of our different events, we're going to make sure that these
events communicate the version number of the record that we're trying to communicate out to the outside
world or the rest of all of our services.
So we're going to make that update to our common module.
We'll then go over to our orders service and we're going to implement the same kind of idea of optimistic
concurrency control when we are attempting to process these events.
And that's where stuff is going to actually get really useful and even more interesting.
I don't know about you.
I find this stuff kind of interesting as it is, but even more interesting.
So a quick pause.
Update that common module in just a moment.